implement --no-only flag functionality (#572)
substack/tape: readme.markdown

- In-process reporting with https://github.com/DavidAnson/tape-player
- Describe blocks with https://github.com/mattriley/tape-describe

# command-line flags

> While running tests, top-level configurations can be passed via the command line to specify desired behavior.

Reviewer: if we're going to make this section, then `--require` and `--import` need to be documented also.

Author: okay, just to clarify, I rather see `--require` and `--ignore` in the code? Kindly let me know if there's more to it.

Reviewer: oh right, sorry, yes, those are the two.

Author: updated pr to add documentation for `--require` and `--ignore` so far

Available configurations are listed below:

## --no-only
This is particularly useful in a CI environment where an [only test](#testonlyname-opts-cb) is not supposed to go unnoticed.

> By passing the `--no-only` flag, any existing [only test](#testonlyname-opts-cb) causes tests to fail.

Reviewer: let's link to this section from the `test.only` section.

Author: done

```sh

> tape **/*.js --no-only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tape --no-only **/*.js
```
generally, positional arguments must come after dashed arguments.

Author: updated

```

> Alternatively, environmental variable `NODE_TAPE_NO_ONLY_TEST` can be set to `true` to achieve same behavior. Do note that the command-line flag takes precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the environment variable `NODE_TAPE_NO_ONLY_TEST` can be set to `true` to achieve the same behavior; the command-line flag takes precedence.
```

Author: updated
